docs: replace `docs.ipfs.io` with `docs.ipfs.tech` (#9158)
ipfs/kubo: docs/changelogs/v0.13.md

Scripts are executed sequentially and in lexicographic order, before the IPFS daemon is started and after `ipfs init` is run and the swarm keys are copied (if the IPFS repo needs initialization).

For more information, see:
- Documentation: [ Run IPFS inside Docker](https://docs.ipfs.tech/how-to/run-ipfs-inside-docker/) <!-- TODO: needs https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs-docs/pull/1115/files -->
- Examples in [ipfs-shipyard/go-ipfs-docker-examples](https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/go-ipfs-docker-examples).

#### RPC API docs for experimental and deprecated commands

> https://docs.ipfs.tech/reference/http/api/ now includes separate sections for _experimental_ and _deprecated_ commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://docs.ipfs.tech/reference/kubo/rpc/ now includes separate sections for _experimental_ and _deprecated_ commands.
```
